[DNS] / [LP] email clarifications (#11622)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/_partials/_add-mx-records.md

  list: never
---

If you only need to **receive** emails, Cloudflare offers [Email Routing](/email-routing/) for free email forwarding to custom email addresses.

> If you need to **send** emails from your domain, you need:

Author: ```suggestion
To **send and receive** emails from your domain, you need:
```

- An SMTP provider.
- To create two DNS records within Cloudflare.

> To route emails through Cloudflare and to your mail server:

Author: Good feedback! Re-structured the partial to include headers separating these groups.
